Update CONTRIBUTING.md (#27)
project-origin/.github: CONTRIBUTING.md

We do however advice to start there. Contributing to the documentation is straight forward, if you have and amendment, create it and make a pull request. Almost all other collaboration relies on discussion. If you have questions to solution, code, what to work on. Just create a discussion in the project or relevant repository and we will take it from there.

## Who decides what gets done and how?
We currently have one trusted committer in the project MartinSchmidt taking on the role as benevolent dictator to make sure that everything works and fit together, including daily maintanence rutines such a library updates, release deployment etc.

Discussions, milestones documentation etc. is mainly handled by AndreAlnor to make sure that the benevolent dictator is kept in check and that everything in the project is nice and tidy. As a lot of the work relevant to this project is going on in the venues of the relevant implementation projects a lot happens outside of Github as well. We try our best to update on this work in the [project documentation site](https://project-origin.github.io/docs/index.html) or discussions.

## Contribution process

### Discussions

> We strive to answer discussion comments within the same week. Sometimes answers can be dependant on input from standard bodies lige EnergyTag or the implementing organisations such as Energinet or Elia Group, who is busy...well...implementing. So be patient.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
We strive to answer discussion comments within the same week. Sometimes answers can be dependant on input from standard bodies like EnergyTag or the implementing organisations such as Energinet or Elia Group, who is busy...well...implementing. So be patient.
```

### Pull Requests
Depending on scope a pull request will handled on the fly, usually handle within 14 days by a trusted committer.

### Physical and virtual meetings
There a currently no fixed set up of sessions or participants. When participant meets in groups to collaborate on the project, we suggest to write an invite with time, location and scope of work in a disussion. At the very least, when a meeting has been held please update the rest of the community with a post, even if the only thing to share is: "we ate a lot of cake"

## Project planning, progress, versions and labeling

### Milestones and tasks
We use Github projects and focus on milestone as product features. Theses feature are then split up into one or several tasks. When the tasks is done, a milestone is complete. A milestone is not a release of a feature version although they can coincide.

### Versioning and labels

> All features uses versioning and labeling. We do versinoing with simple numbers e.g. V1.2 first number is the main feature version. We change the version only with a major re-write of serious braking changes and change the subversion, when we implement feature enhancements. We use the labels "enhancements" and "Chore". "Chore" is used with minor updates, that should no require user attention, such as a library update or other rutine updates.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
All features uses versioning and labeling. We do versioning with using [semver](https://semver.org) We change the major version only with breaking changes. We change minors when we implement feature enhancements. We use the labels "enhancements" and "Chore". "Chore" is used with minor updates, that should no require user attention, such as a library update or other rutine updates.
```
